# WeTalky, LLC Privacy Policy

Copyright 2011 WeTalky, LLC.

The Privacy Policy document is under a [Creative Commons by-nc-sa license](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_Commons_licenses).

## About This Document
This document details how we use personal information collected through our service. By using the service, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may change over time, and you can track changes on [Github](http://github.com/wetalky/privacy-policy).

## Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Commitment to Data Security
Only company employees are able to access your data. Keeping your information safe is a major priority.

## Privacy Contact Information
If you have any comments, questions, ideas, or criticism of this document you may contact us via e-mail at [hello@wetalky.com](mailto:hello@wetalky.com) or on Twitter at [@WeTalky](http://twitter.com/wetalky).

Or better yet, you can contribute a 'commit' on [GitHub](http://github.com/wetalky/privacy-policy)!
